docs/docker/README.md, before:

## Docker Image

Included in this repo is a Dockerfile that you can launch BSC node for trying it out. Docker images are available on `ghcr.io/bnb-chain/bsc`.

You can build the docker image with the following commands:
```bash
make docker
```

If your build machine has an ARM-based chip, like Apple silicon (M1), the image is built for `linux/arm64` by default. To build for `x86_64`, apply the --platform arg:

```bash
docker build --platform linux/amd64 -t bnb-chain/bsc -f Dockerfile .
```

Before start the docker, get a copy of the config.toml & genesis.json from the release: https://github.com/bnb-chain/bsc/releases, and make necessary modification. `config.toml` & `genesis.json` should be mounted into `/bsc/config` inside the container. Assume `config.toml` & `genesis.json` are under `./config` in your current working directory, you can start your docker container with the following command:
```bash
docker run -v $(pwd)/config:/bsc/config --rm --name bsc -it bnb-chain/bsc 
```

You can also use `ETHEREUM OPTIONS` to overwrite settings in the configuration file
```bash
docker run -v $(pwd)/config:/bsc/config --rm --name bsc -it bnb-chain/bsc --http.addr 0.0.0.0 --http.port 8545 --http.vhosts '*' --verbosity 3
```

If you need to open another shell, just do:
```bash
docker exec -it bnb-chain/bsc /bin/bash
```

We also provide a `docker-compose` file for local testing

To use the container in kubernetes, you can use a configmap or secret to mount the `config.toml` & `genesis.json` into the container
```bash
containers:
  - name: bsc
    image: bnb-chain/bsc

    ports:
      - name: p2p
        containerPort: 30311  
      - name: rpc
        containerPort: 8545
      - name: ws
        containerPort: 8546     

    volumeMounts:
      - name: bsc-config
        mountPath: /bsc/config

  volumes:
    - name: bsc-config
      configMap:
        name: cm-bsc-config
```

Your configmap `bsc-config` should look like this:
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cm-bsc-config
data:
  config.toml: |
    ...

  genesis.json: |
    ...  

```

Commit message:

chore: apply .gitignore in oiz-core

docs/docker/README.md, after:

## Docker Image

Included in this repo is a Dockerfile that you can launch OIZ node for trying it out. Docker images are available on `ghcr.io/oiz-chain/oiz-core`.

You can build the docker image with the following commands:
```bash
make docker
```

If your build machine has an ARM-based chip, like Apple silicon (M1), the image is built for `linux/arm64` by default. To build for `x86_64`, apply the --platform arg:

```bash
docker build --platform linux/amd64 -t oiz-chain/oiz -f Dockerfile .
```

Before start the docker, get a copy of the config.toml & genesis.json from the release: https://github.com/oiz-labs/oiz-core/releases, and make necessary modification. `config.toml` & `genesis.json` should be mounted into `/oiz/config` inside the container. Assume `config.toml` & `genesis.json` are under `./config` in your current working directory, you can start your docker container with the following command:
```bash
docker run -v $(pwd)/config:/oiz/config --rm --name oiz -it oiz-chain/oiz 
```

You can also use `ETHEREUM OPTIONS` to overwrite settings in the configuration file
```bash
docker run -v $(pwd)/config:/oiz/config --rm --name oiz -it oiz-chain/oiz --http.addr 0.0.0.0 --http.port 8545 --http.vhosts '*' --verbosity 3
```

If you need to open another shell, just do:
```bash
docker exec -it oiz-chain/oiz /bin/bash
```

We also provide a `docker-compose` file for local testing

To use the container in kubernetes, you can use a configmap or secret to mount the `config.toml` & `genesis.json` into the container
```bash
containers:
  - name: oiz
    image: oiz-chain/oiz-core

    ports:
      - name: p2p
        containerPort: 30311  
      - name: rpc
        containerPort: 8545
      - name: ws
        containerPort: 8546     

    volumeMounts:
      - name: oiz-config
        mountPath: /oiz/config

  volumes:
    - name: oiz-config
      configMap:
        name: cm-bsc-config
```

Your configmap `bsc-config` should look like this:
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cm-bsc-config
data:
  config.toml: |
    ...

  genesis.json: |
    ...  

```
